Refresh the Juniper SSG documentation (#2785)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs-pp/current/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/network-firewalls-juniper-ssg-snmp.md

| Vpn-Usage            | Net-JuniperSSG-Vpn-Usage-custom            | Contrôle le trafic entrant et sortant des tunnels VPN                                                            |            |

> Les services listés ci-dessus ne sont pas créés automatiquement lorsqu'un modèle d'hôte est appliqué. Pour les utiliser, [créez un service manuellement](/docs/monitoring/basic-objects/services) et appliquez le modèle de service souhaité.

> Si la case **Découverte** est cochée, cela signifie qu'une règle de découverte de service existe pour ce service.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Règles de découverte

#### Découverte d'hôtes

| Nom de la règle | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
|:----------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | SNMP Agents     | Discover your resource through a SNMP subnet scan. You need to install the [Generic SNMP](./applications-protocol-snmp.md) connector to get the discovery rule and create a template mapper for the **Net-Juniper-SSG-custom** host template |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SNMP Agents     | Discover your resource through an SNMP subnet scan. You need to install the [Generic SNMP](./applications-protocol-snmp.md) connector to get the discovery rule and create a template mapper for the **Net-Juniper-SSG-custom** host template |
```

Rendez-vous sur la [documentation dédiée](/docs/monitoring/discovery/hosts-discovery) pour en savoir plus sur la découverte automatique d'hôtes.

#### Découverte de service

| Nom de la règle          | Description |
|:-------------------------|:------------|

> | Net-Juniper-SSG-Vpn-Name |             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Net-Juniper-SSG-Vpn-Name | Découvre les VPN et les supervise avec le modèle de service Vpn-Status |
```

Rendez-vous sur la [documentation dédiée](/docs/monitoring/discovery/services-discovery)
pour en savoir plus sur la découverte automatique de services et sa [planification](/docs/monitoring/discovery/services-discovery/#règles-de-découverte).

### Métriques & statuts collectés

Voici le tableau des services pour ce connecteur, détaillant les métriques rattachées à chaque service.

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Cpu" label="Cpu">

| Métrique    | Unité |
|:------------|:------|
| cpu_1min    | %     |
| cpu_5min    | %     |
| cpu_15min   | %     |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Hardware" label="Hardware">

> Coming soon

Reviewer 2: No metrics? 
If none, Explain that there are no metrics for this service template.

> Coming soon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pas de métriques pour ce service.
```

4. [Déployez la configuration](/docs/monitoring/monitoring-servers/deploying-a-configuration). L'hôte apparaît dans la liste des hôtes supervisés, et dans la page **Statut des ressources**. La commande envoyée par le connecteur est indiquée dans le panneau de détails de l'hôte : celle-ci montre les valeurs des macros.

### Utiliser un modèle de service issu du connecteur

1. Si vous avez utilisé un modèle d'hôte et coché la case **Créer aussi les services liés aux modèles**, les services associés au modèle ont été créés automatiquement, avec les modèles de services correspondants. Sinon, [créez les services désirés manuellement](/docs/monitoring/basic-objects/services) et appliquez-leur un modèle de service.
2. Renseignez les macros désirées (par exemple, ajustez les seuils d'alerte). Les macros indiquées ci-dessous comme requises (**Obligatoire**) doivent être renseignées.

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Cpu" label="Cpu">

| Macro    | Description                                     | Valeur par défaut | Obligatoire |
|:---------|:------------------------------------------------|:------------------|:-----------:|

> | CRITICAL | Critical threshold in percent (1min,5min,15min) | 90,85,80          |             |

Reviewer: unclear

> | CRITICAL | Critical threshold in percent (1min,5min,15min) | 90,85,80          |             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| CRITICAL | Critical threshold in percent for the average value of the last minute, the last 5 minutes and the last 15 minutes. | 90,85,80          |             |
```

> | WARNING  | Warning threshold in percent (1min,5min,15min)  | 80,75,70          |             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| WARNING  | Warning threshold in percent for the average value of the last minute, the last 5 minutes and the last 15 minutes.  | 80,75,70          |             |
```

| Macro    | Description                   | Valeur par défaut | Obligatoire |
|:---------|:------------------------------|:------------------|:-----------:|
| CRITICAL | Critical threshold in percent | 90                |             |
| WARNING  | Warning threshold in percent  | 80                |             |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Sessions" label="Sessions">

| Macro          | Description        | Valeur par défaut | Obligatoire |
|:---------------|:-------------------|:------------------|:-----------:|
| WARNINGFAILED  | Warning threshold  |                   |             |
| CRITICALFAILED | Critical threshold |                   |             |
| WARNINGUSAGE   | Warning threshold  |                   |             |
| CRITICALUSAGE  | Critical threshold |                   |             |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Traffic-Generic-Id" label="Traffic-Generic-Id">

| Macro        | Description                                                                                         | Valeur par défaut | Obligatoire |
|:-------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------|:-----------:|

> | INTERFACEID  | Set the interface (number expected) ex: 1,2,... (empty means 'check all interfaces')                |                   |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| INTERFACEID  | Set the interface (number expected) e.g.: 1,2,... (empty means 'check all interfaces')                |                   |             |
```

|:-------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------|:-----------:|
| FILTERNAME         | Filter VPN name (can be a regexp)                                                                                                                                                             | .*                                                     |             |
| CRITICALSTATUS     | Define the conditions to match for the status to be CRITICAL (Default: '%{p1state} eq "inactive" \|\| %{p2state} eq "inactive"'). You can use the following variables: %{p1state}, %{p2state} | %{p1state} eq "inactive" \|\| %{p2state} eq "inactive" |             |
| WARNINGSTATUS      | Define the conditions to match for the status to be WARNING. You can use the following variables: %{p1state}, %{p2state}                                                                      |                                                        |             |

> | WARNINGUPDATETIME  | Warning threshold for update time (in secondes)                                                                                                                                               |                                                        |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| WARNINGUPDATETIME  | Warning threshold for update time (in seconds)                                                                                                                                               |                                                        |             |
```

> | CRITICALUPDATETIME | Critical threshold for update time (in secondes)                                                                                                                                              |                                                        |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CRITICALUPDATETIME | Critical threshold for update time (in seconds)                                                                                                                                              |                                                        |             |
```

| EXTRAOPTIONS       | Any extra option you may want to add to the command (e.g. a --verbose flag). Toutes les options sont listées [ici](#options-disponibles)                                                                                           | --verbose                                              |             |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Vpn-Usage" label="Vpn-Usage">

| Macro              | Description                                                                                         | Valeur par défaut | Obligatoire |
|:-------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------|:-----------:|

> | FILTERNAME         | Filter VPN name (can be a regexp)                                                                   | .*                |             |

Reviewer: unclear

Reviewer 2: Filter VPNs by name with a regular expression?

> | FILTERNAME         | Filter VPN name (can be a regexp)                                                                   | .*                |             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| FILTERNAME         | Filter VPNs by name with a regular expression.                                                                   | .*                |             |
```

#### Options des modes

Les options disponibles pour chaque modèle de services sont listées ci-dessous :

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Cpu" label="Cpu">

| Option     | Description                                         |
|:-----------|:----------------------------------------------------|

> | --warning  | Warning threshold in percent (1min,5min,15min).     |

Reviewer: unclear

> | --warning  | Warning threshold in percent (1min,5min,15min).     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| --warning  | Warning threshold in percent for the average value of the last minute, the last 5 minutes and the last 15 minutes.     |
```

> | --critical | Critical threshold in percent (1min,5min,15min).    |

Reviewer: unclear

> | --critical | Critical threshold in percent (1min,5min,15min).    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| --critical | Critical threshold in percent for the average value of the last minute, the last 5 minutes and the last 15 minutes.    |
```

| --display-transform-src --display-transform-dst | Modify the interface name displayed by using a regular expression.  Eg: adding --display-transform-src='eth' --display-transform-dst='ens' will replace all occurrences of 'eth' with 'ens'                                                                                                |
| --show-cache                                    | Display cache interface datas.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Vpn-Status" label="Vpn-Status">

| Option                 | Description                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|:-----------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | --filter-name          | Filter VPN name (can be a regexp).                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: unclear

> | --filter-name          | Filter VPN name (can be a regexp).                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| --filter-name          | Filter VPNs by name with a regular expression.                                                                                                                                                              |
```

| --warning-status       | Define the conditions to match for the status to be WARNING. You can use the following variables: %{p1state}, %{p2state}                                                                        |
| --critical-status      | Define the conditions to match for the status to be CRITICAL (Default: '%{p1state} eq "inactive" \|\| %{p2state} eq "inactive"'). You can use the following variables: %{p1state}, %{p2state}   |

> | --warning-update-time  | Warning threshold for update time (in secondes).                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --warning-update-time  | Warning threshold for update time (in seconds).                                                                                                                                                |
```

> | --critical-update-time | Critical threshold for update time (in secondes).                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --critical-update-time | Critical threshold for update time (in seconds).                                                                                                                                               |
```

| --statefile-concat-cwd | If used with the '--statefile-dir' option, the latter's value will be used as a sub-directory of the current working directory. Useful on Windows when the plugin is compiled, as the file system and permissions are different from Linux.   |
| --statefile-format     | Define the format used to store the cache. Available formats: 'dumper', 'storable', 'json' (default).                                                                                                                                         |
| --statefile-key        | Define the key to encrypt/decrypt the cache.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| --statefile-cipher     | Define the cipher algorithm to encrypt the cache (Default: 'AES').                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | --filter-name          | Filter VPN name (can be a regexp).                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: unclear

> | --filter-name          | Filter VPN name (can be a regexp).                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| --filter-name          | Filter VPNs by name with a regular expression.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```
